you could sleep with one member of the
New York Giants who would it be Ferris
Plaxico Burress poxviruses in New York
jet oh you're no he's not yes he is
you
so now where are you from San Island
Staten Island so what can you do the
cruise for me please can you do the Vic
you don't know how to do the cruise the
victor cruz dance I do if I know how to
do it oh my guy can you just salsa no
you don't salsa no I'm Puerto Rican
better alright cool so what's giant on
that team is your favorite uh Manny Eli
Manning if you had to pick if you had to
pick if you could sleep with one giant
which one would it be is this question
me yeah the Green Giant of envy
I'm shocked around we're here Giants all
day
will you ask for I'm Staten Island ok so
people always stays down onto Forgotten
borough what do you gotta say to it
thank fuck I'm gonna tell you right now
oh shit up right here right here sat on
anchor for gumbo Sandow's number one
they go same brooklyn bronx queens
sweetheart my pretty my pretty oh my god
can you tell me your name sir Stephanie
marny marny fuck would you guys supposed
to be we are the giant fairies fairies
for the New York Giants oh I think it
might be a little turned on oh my gosh
can you tell me not if you could sleep
with one new york giants member who
would it be you know what I I'm a
professional figure skaters so is
Stephanie so we don't know names but the
guy who caught the ball and his tippy
toes were in Mario Manning that man like
you know what he deserves it tell me how
let's not lie we'll have the whole team
oh you have a whole team
karmaloop TV baby if you guys could
sleep with one New York giant who would
it be you want to make the first answer
so who's it gonna be oh yeah you down a
ride you come right here dansad XY
videographer now if you could sleep with
one New York giant who would it be my
pony lag alright so how would you do it
what do you mean I'm asking you friends
away if you could have sex accrues how
would you do it doggy style oh I'm
chakra we are fuck you